(Whoosh)
(claps) Alright, now we got to make the custom mutation
to actually go ahead and charge the card.
So, real quick how it works again is, we get the token
on the client side and basically all we're doing there
is sending credit card information.
And that just basically goes to stripe and says
this is a real credit card.
I think it's called pre-authorization.
And then we take that token to our back end
and we're allowed to go ahead
and push the charge through as well as provide information
about the total amount for that.
So we need to go into our mutations folder here
and go to index.ts.
And we're going to add a new mutation here.
So the mutation here is going to be called the checkout.
So checkout, that takes in a token from the client side
and that is a type of string that is required,
and returned from that will be an order.
Then we'll go down to the resolvers here
and we'll make a new mutation resolver, called checkout.
And we have to then go ahead and make that really quickly.
So, I'm just gonna open my add to cart mutation here.
And I'm going to just save a copy of it
and we'll call it checkout.ts.
Again, this is in our mutations folder.
Then, we can go ahead and start to delete a couple of things
that we need here.
Basically, we can take out all of the code from within it,
I really just wanted this function signature right here,
'cause it's kind of hard to type.
So, delete everything inside the body of that.
And this is going to return a promise which returns
an order, create input.
And then we'll rename this to checkout.
Okay, I think we're in good shape.
You can remove the, any additional data
that you have up here.
And we'll go back to our index and make sure we import
that checkout function.
I'll just duplicate this and say checkout.
Okay, still giving me heck here,
unsafe assignment of an any value.
What!
(mouse clicking)
Oh, it's because we didn't export it properly.
It always knows, it always knows.
We also need to modify this,
this is no longer a product ID but we're taking in a token.
Again, this second argument to the function
is gonna be arguments, we're de-structuring
the arguments.token, and then you have to provide
an object type here.
Basically we're saying give me an object
that has a token and a string.
Additionally, you could also just say like,
interface arguments.
And then in there you could say we have a token,
which is a type of string.
And then we can go down here and just replace that.
That might be a little bit easier to read.
Just to clarify, I know that this gets a little bit hairy
if you're not into TypeScript a whole lot.
Okay, so, we've got everything working.
If we kill our process and started again, my question is,
do we now see the checkout function showing up
in our GraphQL Playground?
So I'm just gonna refresh this
and wait for Keystone to load.
And we'll take a look at our docks here
and look for checkout.
There we go.
Mutation checkout, takes in a token, returns an order,
and it knows exactly all the information
that is going to return to us.
Awesome.
So now the sort of the hard work that we have
to do right now is inside of this checkout function,
we need to do a whole bunch of work.
So first thing we have to do
is make sure they are signed in.
Then the second thing we want to do
is calculate the total price.
And how that's gonna work is that in step number one,
we're gonna query the current user.
And if there's not a user, we'll throw an error
and if there is a user, we will also have to query
the entire cart for that user which is great.
So that will allow us to calculate
the total price of their cart.
Third thing we want to do is create the payment
with the stripe library.
So we also have to import the stripe library
into our back end and go ahead and charge that.
Then the fourth thing we'll do
is convert the cart items to order items, remember,
because we can't leave them as just regular products.
And then finally, the fifth thing we wanna do
is create the order and return it.
So we're gonna be saving it in the database.
So, first things first, make sure they're signed in.
So basically here, we'll get their user Id
and we'll say const user Id =
context.session.item Id,
I'll say if there is no user ID, then we can throw, whoa!
Throw a new error, that says, "Sorry you must be signed in
"to create an order."
Alright, that's the first thing.
Next, calculate the total price for their order.
I guess, like we need a step.
This is the problem with numbering my steps.
Sometimes (laughs), step 1.5 is query the current user.
So the way that we'll do that
is we'll say const user = await,
we'll take the context.lists.user.find one.
And we are going to find one
where the id is equal to the user Id.
And then the resolve fields is going
to be very much just a GraphQL thing here.
So we'll do back ticks.
We want, here we'll do it on its own line.
Id, name, email and cart.
Let's see where we're at with that so far.
So if I console.log the user and we restart our process,
if I run this mutation checkout with a token,
are we going to get the currently logged
in users entire cart from there.
So say mutation is checkout the token,
you know that you can pass any token you want right now,
it's ABC 123.
And then returned from that we want the Id of the user.
Let's just get the Id of the actual order,
'cause it's not actually gonna return anything just yet.
So, let's make sure that it's all running good.
Go ahead and clear out your DevTools, run it, boom!
We've got a bit of an error.
Cannot read property find one of undefined.
Oh, you know what I did is,
this needs to be a capital U, User,
so I gotta go through the whole song and dance,
I'll speed it up, okay, gonna run it.
Boom!
And good, we're getting our cart items show up here.
They're empty, because we have to write
a little bit more GraphQL here.
And again, we're getting this issue where this
is obviously just a string, but we want it
to look like a GraphQL once we highlight it.
So we can do a little trick here,
we say const graphql = string.raw,
oh, that should be a capital S, that's the built in string.
And then we can go ahead and tag this as graphql.
There we go.
Now inside the cart, we want a whole bunch of stuff
about their cart.
At the id of the cart, you want the quantity,
you want the product that's associated with that cart item,
you want the name, the price, the description,
the id, the photo inside of that is an image.
And then you also need the id of both of those
and the public Url Transformed.
So now if I log that out again,
after I restart it, we should see a huge dump of it.
I'm gonna use console.dir here,
and the reason I do that is because you can pass it
a depth of null and it won't truncate any objects
that you're logging in your terminal there.
So go ahead and run this, boom!
Look at this, we've got all the different items
that are in our cart.
One thing that I've intentionally done here
is that you can see there are five items in my cart.
But these last two don't have a product associated
with them.
So what I did, is I went ahead
and added something to my cart
and then I deleted the product.
So now we're in a situation where we have a cart item
but the product that the cart item references
is no longer there, it is deleted,
it's no longer in the database.
So what we have to do is we're to filter these things out.
We've already taken care of that
in our cart before we go ahead and display it
but we have to do it here as well,
where we gotta filter them out before we go ahead
and calculate the total.
So, here we'll do it, so I say const
cart items = user.cart.filter.
Then we'll take the cart item and we'll return
cart item.product.
And if that returns an object, it will be true.
And if it returns, null, it will be false
and it will filter that item out.
And that should give us just the actual cart items
that we want.
So, in order to calculate the total price
of what is in our order, we will use reduce.
So const amount = cart items.reduce.
And we'll do a proper, you could probably get away
with a little arrow function here
but I'm gonna show you how to type this.
So we have a tally, which means we're going to start off
with a zero here.
And that tally has to be typed as a number.
And then we also have each individual item in reduce,
that's the second argument.
So we'll say cart item.
And the type of that is, cart item,
I believe it's create input.
Then from that, we can return the tally + cart item.,
and you see this is why we type it
'cause we get these nice auto-completions.
We wanna take the quantity times cart item.product.,
what is, it's price, lives on there.
All right, now we have the amount.
you can go ahead and console.log that amount
and just make sure everything is working
before we get into the more advanced stripe stuff.
Go ahead and run this, boom!
Oh, it wasn't ready yet.
There we go, run it again,
and you see I get 30,482 for the cart items.
Okay, good.
Next thing is create the payment with the stripe library.
Okay, so now we need to configure stripe
to work on our server side.
And we're going to need a secret key for that to work.
So go back to your stripe, go to API keys,
reveal where you have your secret key and click on reveal.
Go ahead and copy that.
Again, treat this like a password.
Publishable key, that's fine, that goes in the browser.
Secret keys always need to be treated as passwords
and they should never be shown to your users
or your browser or anything like that.
So what we wanna do is go to our .env
and we will say stripe, oh, we already got it right here.
Stripe secret.
So we will replace that, right here, boom!
And we need to make a stripe.ts file.
So go to your lib, make a new file,
got stripe.ts.
(mouse clicking)
And in there, we're going to import stripe
from the stripe library.
Then we will say const stripe config = new stripe.
And then we pass it, our secret key.
So process.env.stripe_secret,
and then we say or an empty string
and that will just keep our TypeScript happy.
The other argument that you need if we hover over
this right now, it says expected two arguments
but got one, an argument, ooh, an argument for config
was not provided.
Okay, so, the next one is a config object.
And we need to have an API version
because it's kind of cool, stripes API changes all the time
but they will still run the old code
for you until you explicitly upgrade the API version.
And it says right here 2020, 08, 27.
I guess that's the most recent version.
So I'm not sure if I can copy that.
I can, to copy you just click it.
Actually, maybe it's an enum let's try.
API version (laughs), look, it just,
possible options are, there's only one right now,
'cause they just introduced this feature into the library.
But bam, it just auto-completes it for you.
Again, that's another huge benefit to TypeScript.
Then we can go ahead and export default stripe config.
And that is our whole stripe library.
I almost will always do this in my apps.
I just put stripe into its own file,
make the config and then export it.
And that way you can import this config anywhere you want,
you don't have to repass it, the secret and the API version,
all that stuff.
All right, so we've got that.
Let's go back into our checkout here.
And we're gonna go ahead and use that stripe config.
So, create the payment with stripe.
Wait, maybe we should call it create the charge,
that's that's the word that stripe uses.
So say const charge = await stripe., or stripe config.
And we have to import that from our stripe.js.
There we go, from lib stripe,
and we say .payment intents.create.
And we pass an object to that.
So the amount will be our amount variable.
So you could pass at anything,
stripe deals in cents as well,
so you don't have to convert that to dollars
or anything like that, you have to pass a currency
which is USD, confirm it's true.
The confirm that we have there is to attempt
to immediately confirm it.
Previously you've had to create a payment intent,
wait for that to come back and then you have
to go back to stripe and do confirm.
But like in most cases
you just wanna charge the card immediately.
So by typing confirm true, you'll be able
to do that all in one good step.
And then the payment method is going to be
the token that got sent in from our browser.
So that value gets passed into this resolver right here.
So you just pass it like there, token.
And that's why we called create payment method
on the on the front end, because then stripe knows
how to actually charge that card.
Alright, so that's that.
What we'll do is we'll put a catch on the end there,
'cause this is really important that we handle these errors.
And in here, we can just console.log.
error, but then we should actually throw an error,
we'll say, oops, err.message, just in case anything happens
from the back end.
So we got this charge up and running.
Now it is worth stopping there
and trying to get this working with our client side
'cause we wrote a whole bunch of code,
we have to convert the cart items
and create the order, we'll do that in a bit
but being able to send the token
from the front end to the back end and make a charge.
so it shows up in our payments here
is going to be a big step.
So, let's get that working now
and I'll catch you in the next video for that.